## Predicting Primary Elections
A model has been made in order to predict the outcome of the final part of the United States primary elections of 2016. Predictions were made for both the democratic party and the republican party. Additionally a prediction has been made to determine the party that has the most votes per county. 

For these three predictions a number of task have been fulfilled. With the dataset given being a timeset a cutoff date has been set in order to create a training and test set to train the model. This cutoff date is set at the 19th of april for the democrat data, for the republican data april 5 was chosen as a cutoff date. This means that the states that voted before the cutoff date were put in the training set. Analogously the states that voted after the cutoff date were put in the test set. Second a dependency of training set size was made to show how the models behave with different training set sizes. Finally the features that were most important were describe with the use of a graph. 

Tweets were used to try to improve the performance of the model. However the tweets were generated between August and September 2016 which is way past the primary election dates. Furthermore the data only consisted of tweets about Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. These two reasons gave enough support to decide that the tweets were unable to fit the model that has been made. In order to improve the model even further the following extra features were added in the form of, international immigration, education, economic data, unemployment and relative income. With these features an improvement is seen for the models but this is too small to be able to interpret fully. 

The final model for the three predictions is by coincidence the same. It consists of a Logistic Regression classifier with polynomial features added. Over the data a Min-Max Scaler is applied to get all the scales of the features the same. With these models the scores were 0.580 and 0.743 for the Democratic and Republican party respectively. For the model which determines the party with the most votes the score was 0.659. These scores all came from the predictive model that was applied to the respective test sets. 
